|Trial | Temperature (T)| Predicted Behavior | Model Response |	Model Coherence (1-10)|
|A | 0.1 |	Conservative |	
the cat sat on the mat,
the cat sat on the mat, and
the cat sat on the mat, and the
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat,
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat,
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the
the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat sat on the mat, and the cat | 8/10 |
|B | 0.8 |	Creative | 
the cat sat on the mat and
the cat sat on the mat and let
the cat sat on the mat and let her
the cat sat on the mat and let her down
the cat sat on the mat and let her down,
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else.
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else. He
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else. He did
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else. He did nothing
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else. He did nothing else
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else. He did nothing else except
the cat sat on the mat and let her down, so that the dog could do nothing else. He did nothing else except watch | 9/10 |	
|C | 2.0 |	Chaos | 
the cat sat on the mat,
the cat sat on the mat, its
the cat sat on the mat, its legs
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets).
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part,
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part, to
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part, to do
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part, to do so
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part, to do so is
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part, to do so is the
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part, to do so is the little
the cat sat on the mat, its legs wrapped in soft leather sheets). My favourite part, to do so is the little dog | 5 |	


Did your model repeat any words or phrases?
Yes on trial A it just repeated the same phrase.
Did the model use real words, or did it start outputting random characters and punctuation? Explain how the "Probability Distribution" changed to allow this.
For the most part the model did well with this. The only case of real randomness was the use ")" that appeared on line 53 in trial C. The appearance of the ")" is because of the change in the temperature. With the temperature cranked up to 2.0 the model's softmax function starts to make all of its known vocab more and more likely to be used to generate text regardless of the context of the prompt.
If you were building a medical AI to give prescriptions or advice, which temperature would you use?
I would use a temperature that is closer to the 0.8 trial run. Considering that it still used some creativity I may be interested in going slightly lower than the 0.8 temperature to ensure that the model is as accurate as possible.
If you were building an AI to write a surrealist dream-journal, which would you use?
I would use a temperature around 1.5 to make sure that the model is able to create grammatically correct sentences but still be creative enough to make an interesting story.

